== Overall Statistics ==
  Number of commits: 12946
  Number of filenames: 9515
  Number of directories: 1151
  Number of file extensions: 133

  Total unpacked size (bytes): 534143575
  Total packed size (bytes): 11990415

== Caveats ==
=== Sizes ===
Packed size represents what size your repository would be if no
trees, commits, tags, or other metadata were included (though it may
fail to represent de-duplication; see below).  It also represents the
current packing, which may be suboptimal if you haven't gc'ed for a
while.

Unpacked size represents what size your repository would be if no
trees, commits, tags, or other metadata were included AND if no
files were packed; i.e., without delta-ing or compression.

Both unpacked and packed sizes can be slightly misleading.  Deleting
a blob from history not save as much space as the unpacked size,
because it is obviously normally stored in packed form.  Also,
deleting a blob from history may not save as much space as its packed
size either, because another blob could be stored as a delta against
that blob, so when you remove one blob another blob's packed size may
grow.

Also, the sum of the packed sizes can add up to more than the
repository size; if the same contents appeared in the repository in
multiple places, git will automatically de-dupe and store only one
copy, while the way sizes are added in this analysis adds the size
for each file path that has those contents.  Further, if a file is
ever reverted to a previous version's contents, the previous
version's size will be counted multiple times in this analysis, even
though git will only store it once.

=== Deletions ===
Whether a file is deleted is not a binary quality, since it can be
deleted on some branches but still exist in others.  Also, it might
exist in an old tag, but have been deleted in versions newer than
that.  More thorough tracking could be done, including looking at
merge commits where one side of history deleted and the other modified,
in order to give a more holistic picture of deletions.  However, that
algorithm would not only be more complex to implement, it'd also be
quite difficult to present and interpret by users.  Since --analyze
is just about getting a high-level rough picture of history, it instead
implements the simplistic rule that is good enough for 98% of cases:
  A file is marked as deleted if the last commit in the fast-export
  stream that mentions the file lists it as deleted.
This makes it dependent on topological ordering, but generally gives
the "right" answer.

=== Renames ===
Renames share the same non-binary nature that deletions do, plus
additional challenges:
  * If the renamed file is renamed again, instead of just two names for
    a path you can have three or more.
  * Rename pairs of the form (oldname, newname) that we consider to be
    different names of the "same file" might only be valid over certain
    commit ranges.  For example, if a new commit reintroduces a file
    named oldname, then new versions of oldname aren't the "same file"
    anymore.  We could try to portray this to the user, but it's easier
    for the user to just break the pairing and only report unbroken
    rename pairings to the user.
  * The ability for users to rename files differently in different
    branches means that our chains of renames will not necessarily be
    linear but may branch out.

